[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: Three years ago,
Paul started "Supercharged."
PAUL: Welcome to "Supercharged."
I'm Paul.
SURMA: And then I just snuck
into Paul's "Supercharged" live
stream.
PAUL: I'm Paul, and
I have a little bit
of help in the form of Surma.
SURMA: The form of
Surma that is me.
And then we made it a
thing at events as well.
PAUL: I love it.
It's so good, flexbox, so good.
Whee.
[CLINKING]
SURMA: But then Paul
left, and nobody
knows why really, but that meant
that "Supercharged" was now
mine.
We probably have seen enough
of Paul's face for a while,
so I thought I'd just swoop
in and do a video of my own.
And I think I improve the
quality quite drastically.
Are we already rolling?
CREW: We are rolling.
SURMA: Oh, good that
we have that on tape.
[BEEP]
[SIGHING]
Prepare for a long day, mates.
[BEEP]
And that turned out to
be really, really useful.
[BEEP]
Take number 4,572.
Last time, we working English.
[BEEP]
[SIGHING]
Words.
[BEEP]
You'd think this is my job.
OK, one more and then
we finally got this.
CREW: One more.
[BEEP]
SURMA: Shows at the
[? wet ?] [? Jake-- ?] no.
[BEEP]
It's just one brain
fart after another.
But all good things
must come to an end.
It's time for "Supercharged"
to enjoy the YouTube show
retirement home.
All the live streams and
microtips, perf audits,
and events are still up on
the channel in the speed
and performance playlist,
and you can rewatch them
anytime you like.
I have had a blast, and
I hope you did as well.
Keep an eye out
for all the things
we put out on the Chrome
Developers YouTube channel.
And with that, as
always, merry Christmas.
I'll say goodbye,
and I'll ask you to--
subscribe!
[LAUGHING]
Sometimes, however, you
don't really care about--
CREW: Words.
[LAUGHTER]
SURMA: Ajax, [INAUDIBLE],,
you just destroyed my take
CREW: [CHUCKLING]
SURMA: Who do you think you are?
It was the perfect take.
CREW: We want you
to feel like a star.
SURMA: Excuse me, I am a star.
That does it.
Thank you.